Update mv2-sunset page to reflect latest MV3 timeline post. (#6479)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/migrating/mv2-sunset/index.md

description: 'Details of the Manifest V2 phase-out and end of life.'
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
date: 2021-09-23
updated: 2023-06-01
tags:
  - extensions-news
---

We're still working on the timeline of the MV2 phase-out plan, so keep an eye out for it in the
coming months. We will provide at least 6 months between a timeline announcement and any experiments
deprecating MV2 features.

> Before announcing a new timeline, we will address prioritized platform gaps and close critical bugs.

Reviewer: Nit: “we are addressing” is better than “will address”

Reviewer 2: What about:

"We are addressing prioritized platform gaps and closing critical bugs before announcing a new timeline."

Author: I've pushed a tweak - let me know if that's ok. I kept "Before announcing a new timeline" at the beginning since I think that's important to emphasize that we see it as a prerequisite.

description: 'Details of the Manifest V2 phase-out and end of life.'
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
date: 2021-09-23

> updated: 2023-06-01

Author: ```suggestion
updated: 2023-06-02
```

tags:
  - extensions-news
---

We're still working on the timeline of the MV2 phase-out plan, so keep an eye out for it in the
coming months. We will provide at least 6 months between a timeline announcement and any experiments
deprecating MV2 features.

> Before announcing a new timeline, we will address prioritized platform gaps and close critical bugs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are addressing prioritized platform gaps and closing critical bugs before announcing a new timeline.
```

  - extensions-news
---

> As Manifest V3 approaches full feature parity with Manifest V2, we'll progressively phase out Manifest V2.

Reviewer: I don’t think this sentence is clear. Does it mean phasing out individual features of v2? that all features in v2 are coming to v3?

Author: Agreed, this came from the original page but I think you're right. Removed that line and also linked out to known issues - let me know what you think 😄
